Secretbox keys (#780)
pokt-network/pocket: app/client/keybase/README.md

### V0<->V1 Interoperability

The `Keybase` interface supports partial interoperability of key export & import between Pocket [V0](https://github.com/pokt-network/pocket-core)<->[V1](https://github.com/pokt-network/pocket).

Any private key created in the V0 protocol can be imported into V1 via the following:

 - **Private Key Hex String**: This method will directly import the private key from the hex string provided and encrypt it with the passphrase provided. This enables the passphrase to be different from the original as the provided plaintext is already decrypted.

> In order to import a key via a JSON file it must go through a decryption step before being re-encrypted for use in V1. This is because the V0 keys use a different cipher suite to secure the private key compared to V1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to import a key via an armoured JSON file, it must go through a decryption step before being re-encrypted for use in V1. This is because the V0 keys use a different cipher suite to secure the private key than V1.
```

Reviewer: Bonus points if you name the cipher suite in both.
